# Create a schedule

Creates a new subscription schedule object. Each customer can have up to 500 active or scheduled subscriptions.

## Returns

Returns a subscription schedule object if the call succeeded.

## Parameters

- `billing_mode` (object, optional)
  Controls how prorations and invoices for subscriptions are calculated and orchestrated.

  - `billing_mode.type` (enum, required)
    Controls the calculation and orchestration of prorations and invoices for subscriptions. If no value is passed, the default is `flexible`.
Possible enum values:
    - `classic`
      Calculations for subscriptions and invoices are based on legacy defaults.

    - `flexible`
      Supports more flexible calculation and orchestration options for subscriptions and invoices.

  - `billing_mode.flexible` (object, optional)
    Configure behavior for flexible billing mode.

    - `billing_mode.flexible.proration_discounts` (enum, optional)
      Controls how invoices and invoice items display proration amounts and discount amounts.
Possible enum values:
      - `included`
        Amounts are net of discounts, and discount amounts are zero.

      - `itemized`
        Amounts are gross of discounts, and discount amounts are accurate.

- `customer` (string, optional)
  The identifier of the customer to create the subscription schedule for.

- `customer_account` (string, optional)
  The identifier of the account to create the subscription schedule for.

- `default_settings` (object, optional)
  Object representing the subscription schedule’s default settings.

  - `default_settings.application_fee_percent` (float, optional)
    A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the application owner’s Stripe account. The request must be made by a platform account on a connected account in order to set an application fee percentage. For more information, see the application fees [documentation](https://stripe.com/docs/connect/subscriptions#collecting-fees-on-subscriptions).

  - `default_settings.automatic_tax` (object, optional)
    Default settings for automatic tax computation.

    - `default_settings.automatic_tax.enabled` (boolean, required)
      Enabled automatic tax calculation which will automatically compute tax rates on all invoices generated by the subscription.

    - `default_settings.automatic_tax.liability` (object, optional)
      The account that’s liable for tax. If set, the business address and tax registrations required to perform the tax calculation are loaded from this account. The tax transaction is returned in the report of the connected account.

      - `default_settings.automatic_tax.liability.type` (enum, required)
        Type of the account referenced in the request.
Possible enum values:
        - `account`
          Indicates that the account being referenced is a connected account which is different from the account making the API request but related to it.

        - `self`
          Indicates that the account being referenced is the account making the API request.

      - `default_settings.automatic_tax.liability.account` (string, required only if type is account)
        The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.

  - `default_settings.billing_cycle_anchor` (enum, optional)
    Can be set to `phase_start` to set the anchor to the start of the phase or `automatic` to automatically change it if needed. Cannot be set to `phase_start` if this phase specifies a trial. For more information, see the billing cycle [documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/billing-cycle.md).
Possible enum values:
    - `automatic`
    - `phase_start`

  - `default_settings.billing_thresholds` (object, optional)
    Define thresholds at which an invoice will be sent, and the subscription advanced to a new billing period. Pass an empty string to remove previously-defined thresholds.

    - `default_settings.billing_thresholds.amount_gte` (integer, optional)
      Monetary threshold that triggers the subscription to advance to a new billing period

    - `default_settings.billing_thresholds.reset_billing_cycle_anchor` (boolean, optional)
      Indicates if the `billing_cycle_anchor` should be reset when a threshold is reached. If true, `billing_cycle_anchor` will be updated to the date/time the threshold was last reached; otherwise, the value will remain unchanged.

  - `default_settings.collection_method` (enum, optional)
    Either `charge_automatically`, or `send_invoice`. When charging automatically, Stripe will attempt to pay the underlying subscription at the end of each billing cycle using the default source attached to the customer. When sending an invoice, Stripe will email your customer an invoice with payment instructions and mark the subscription as `active`. Defaults to `charge_automatically` on creation.
Possible enum values:
    - `charge_automatically`
    - `send_invoice`

  - `default_settings.default_payment_method` (string, optional)
    ID of the default payment method for the subscription schedule. It must belong to the customer associated with the subscription schedule. If not set, invoices will use the default payment method in the customer’s invoice settings.

  - `default_settings.description` (string, optional)
    Subscription description, meant to be displayable to the customer. Use this field to optionally store an explanation of the subscription for rendering in Stripe surfaces and certain local payment methods UIs.

    The maximum length is 500 characters.

  - `default_settings.invoice_settings` (object, optional)
    All invoices will be billed using the specified settings.

    - `default_settings.invoice_settings.account_tax_ids` (array of strings, optional)
      The account tax IDs associated with the subscription schedule. Will be set on invoices generated by the subscription schedule.

    - `default_settings.invoice_settings.days_until_due` (integer, optional)
      Number of days within which a customer must pay invoices generated by this subscription schedule. This value will be `null` for subscription schedules where `collection_method=charge_automatically`.

    - `default_settings.invoice_settings.issuer` (object, optional)
      The connected account that issues the invoice. The invoice is presented with the branding and support information of the specified account.

      - `default_settings.invoice_settings.issuer.type` (enum, required)
        Type of the account referenced in the request.
Possible enum values:
        - `account`
          Indicates that the account being referenced is a connected account which is different from the account making the API request but related to it.

        - `self`
          Indicates that the account being referenced is the account making the API request.

      - `default_settings.invoice_settings.issuer.account` (string, required only if type is account)
        The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.

  - `default_settings.on_behalf_of` (string, optional)
    The account on behalf of which to charge, for each of the associated subscription’s invoices.

  - `default_settings.transfer_data` (object, optional)
    The data with which to automatically create a Transfer for each of the associated subscription’s invoices.

    - `default_settings.transfer_data.destination` (string, required)
      ID of an existing, connected Stripe account.

    - `default_settings.transfer_data.amount_percent` (float, optional)
      A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the destination account. By default, the entire amount is transferred to the destination.

- `end_behavior` (enum, optional)
  Behavior of the subscription schedule and underlying subscription when it ends. Possible values are `release` or `cancel` with the default being `release`. `release` will end the subscription schedule and keep the underlying subscription running. `cancel` will end the subscription schedule and cancel the underlying subscription.
Possible enum values:
  - `cancel`
    Cancel the underlying subscription when the subscription schedule ends.

  - `release`
    Persist the underlying subscription in its current state when the subscription schedule ends.

- `from_subscription` (string, optional)
  Migrate an existing subscription to be managed by a subscription schedule. If this parameter is set, a subscription schedule will be created using the subscription’s item(s), set to auto-renew using the subscription’s interval. When using this parameter, other parameters (such as phase values) cannot be set. To create a subscription schedule with other modifications, we recommend making two separate API calls.

- `metadata` (object, optional)
  Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/metadata.md) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.

- `phases` (array of objects, optional)
  List representing phases of the subscription schedule. Each phase can be customized to have different durations, plans, and coupons. If there are multiple phases, the `end_date` of one phase will always equal the `start_date` of the next phase.

  - `phases.items` (array of objects, required)
    List of configuration items, each with an attached price, to apply during this phase of the subscription schedule.

    - `phases.items.billing_thresholds` (object, optional)
      Define thresholds at which an invoice will be sent, and the subscription advanced to a new billing period. Pass an empty string to remove previously-defined thresholds.

      - `phases.items.billing_thresholds.usage_gte` (integer, required)
        Number of units that meets the billing threshold to advance the subscription to a new billing period (e.g., it takes 10 $5 units to meet a $50 [monetary threshold](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/subscriptions/update.md#update_subscription-billing_thresholds-amount_gte))

    - `phases.items.discounts` (array of objects, optional)
      The coupons to redeem into discounts for the subscription item.

      - `phases.items.discounts.coupon` (string, optional)
        ID of the coupon to create a new discount for.

      - `phases.items.discounts.discount` (string, optional)
        ID of an existing discount on the object (or one of its ancestors) to reuse.

      - `phases.items.discounts.promotion_code` (string, optional)
        ID of the promotion code to create a new discount for.

    - `phases.items.metadata` (object, optional)
      Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/metadata.md) that you can attach to a configuration item. Metadata on a configuration item will update the underlying subscription item’s `metadata` when the phase is entered, adding new keys and replacing existing keys. Individual keys in the subscription item’s `metadata` can be unset by posting an empty value to them in the configuration item’s `metadata`. To unset all keys in the subscription item’s `metadata`, update the subscription item directly or unset every key individually from the configuration item’s `metadata`.

    - `phases.items.price` (string, optional)
      The ID of the price object.

    - `phases.items.price_data` (object, optional)
      Data used to generate a new [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/prices.md) object inline.

      - `phases.items.price_data.currency` (enum, required)
        Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).

      - `phases.items.price_data.product` (string, required)
        The ID of the [Product](https://docs.stripe.com/api/products.md) that this [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices.md) will belong to.

      - `phases.items.price_data.recurring` (object, required)
        The recurring components of a price such as `interval` and `interval_count`.

        - `phases.items.price_data.recurring.interval` (enum, required)
          Specifies billing frequency. Either `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.
Possible enum values:
          - `day`
          - `month`
          - `week`
          - `year`

        - `phases.items.price_data.recurring.interval_count` (integer, optional)
          The number of intervals between subscription billings. For example, `interval=month` and `interval_count=3` bills every 3 months. Maximum of three years interval allowed (3 years, 36 months, or 156 weeks).

      - `phases.items.price_data.tax_behavior` (enum, recommended if calculating taxes)
        Only required if a [default tax behavior](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/tax/products-prices-tax-categories-tax-behavior.md#setting-a-default-tax-behavior-\(recommended\)) was not provided in the Stripe Tax settings. Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
Possible enum values:
        - `exclusive`
        - `inclusive`
        - `unspecified`

      - `phases.items.price_data.unit_amount` (integer, optional)
        A positive integer in cents (or 0 for a free price) representing how much to charge.

      - `phases.items.price_data.unit_amount_decimal` (string, required conditionally)
        Same as `unit_amount`, but accepts a decimal value in cents with at most 12 decimal places. Only one of `unit_amount` and `unit_amount_decimal` can be set.

    - `phases.items.quantity` (integer, optional)
      Quantity for the given price. Can be set only if the price’s `usage_type` is `licensed` and not `metered`.

    - `phases.items.tax_rates` (array of strings, optional)
      A list of [Tax Rate](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/tax_rates.md) ids. These Tax Rates will override the [`default_tax_rates`](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/subscriptions/create.md#create_subscription-default_tax_rates) on the Subscription. When updating, pass an empty string to remove previously-defined tax rates.

  - `phases.add_invoice_items` (array of objects, optional)
    A list of prices and quantities that will generate invoice items appended to the next invoice for this phase. You may pass up to 20 items.

    - `phases.add_invoice_items.discounts` (array of objects, optional)
      The coupons to redeem into discounts for the item.

      - `phases.add_invoice_items.discounts.coupon` (string, optional)
        ID of the coupon to create a new discount for.

      - `phases.add_invoice_items.discounts.discount` (string, optional)
        ID of an existing discount on the object (or one of its ancestors) to reuse.

      - `phases.add_invoice_items.discounts.promotion_code` (string, optional)
        ID of the promotion code to create a new discount for.

    - `phases.add_invoice_items.metadata` (object, optional)
      Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/metadata.md) that you can attach to an object. This can be useful for storing additional information about the object in a structured format. Individual keys can be unset by posting an empty value to them. All keys can be unset by posting an empty value to `metadata`.

    - `phases.add_invoice_items.period` (object, optional)
      The period associated with this invoice item. If not set, `period.start.type` defaults to `max_item_period_start` and `period.end.type` defaults to `min_item_period_end`.

      - `phases.add_invoice_items.period.end` (object, required)
        End of the invoice item period.

        - `phases.add_invoice_items.period.end.type` (enum, required)
          Select how to calculate the end of the invoice item period.
Possible enum values:
          - `min_item_period_end`
            The minimum `current_period_end` of all underlying subscription items whose periods overlap this phase

          - `phase_end`
            End of the phase

          - `timestamp`
            Custom timestamp to use for the end of the invoice item period

        - `phases.add_invoice_items.period.end.timestamp` (timestamp, optional)
          A precise Unix timestamp for the end of the invoice item period. Must be greater than or equal to `period.start`.

      - `phases.add_invoice_items.period.start` (object, required)
        Start of the invoice item period.

        - `phases.add_invoice_items.period.start.type` (enum, required)
          Select how to calculate the start of the invoice item period.
Possible enum values:
          - `max_item_period_start`
            The maximum `current_period_start` of all underlying subscription items whose periods overlap this phase

          - `phase_start`
            Start of the phase

          - `timestamp`
            Custom timestamp to use for the start of the invoice item period

        - `phases.add_invoice_items.period.start.timestamp` (timestamp, optional)
          A precise Unix timestamp for the start of the invoice item period. Must be less than or equal to `period.end`.

    - `phases.add_invoice_items.price` (string, optional)
      The ID of the price object. One of `price` or `price_data` is required.

    - `phases.add_invoice_items.price_data` (object, optional)
      Data used to generate a new [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/prices.md) object inline. One of `price` or `price_data` is required.

      - `phases.add_invoice_items.price_data.currency` (enum, required)
        Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).

      - `phases.add_invoice_items.price_data.product` (string, required)
        The ID of the [Product](https://docs.stripe.com/api/products.md) that this [Price](https://docs.stripe.com/api/prices.md) will belong to.

      - `phases.add_invoice_items.price_data.tax_behavior` (enum, recommended if calculating taxes)
        Only required if a [default tax behavior](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/tax/products-prices-tax-categories-tax-behavior.md#setting-a-default-tax-behavior-\(recommended\)) was not provided in the Stripe Tax settings. Specifies whether the price is considered inclusive of taxes or exclusive of taxes. One of `inclusive`, `exclusive`, or `unspecified`. Once specified as either `inclusive` or `exclusive`, it cannot be changed.
Possible enum values:
        - `exclusive`
        - `inclusive`
        - `unspecified`

      - `phases.add_invoice_items.price_data.unit_amount` (integer, optional)
        A positive integer in cents (or 0 for a free price) representing how much to charge or a negative integer representing the amount to credit to the customer.

      - `phases.add_invoice_items.price_data.unit_amount_decimal` (string, required conditionally)
        Same as `unit_amount`, but accepts a decimal value in cents with at most 12 decimal places. Only one of `unit_amount` and `unit_amount_decimal` can be set.

    - `phases.add_invoice_items.quantity` (integer, optional)
      Quantity for this item. Defaults to 1.

    - `phases.add_invoice_items.tax_rates` (array of strings, optional)
      The tax rates which apply to the item. When set, the `default_tax_rates` do not apply to this item.

  - `phases.application_fee_percent` (float, optional)
    A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the application owner’s Stripe account. The request must be made by a platform account on a connected account in order to set an application fee percentage. For more information, see the application fees [documentation](https://stripe.com/docs/connect/subscriptions#collecting-fees-on-subscriptions).

  - `phases.automatic_tax` (object, optional)
    Automatic tax settings for this phase.

    - `phases.automatic_tax.enabled` (boolean, required)
      Enabled automatic tax calculation which will automatically compute tax rates on all invoices generated by the subscription.

    - `phases.automatic_tax.liability` (object, optional)
      The account that’s liable for tax. If set, the business address and tax registrations required to perform the tax calculation are loaded from this account. The tax transaction is returned in the report of the connected account.

      - `phases.automatic_tax.liability.type` (enum, required)
        Type of the account referenced in the request.
Possible enum values:
        - `account`
          Indicates that the account being referenced is a connected account which is different from the account making the API request but related to it.

        - `self`
          Indicates that the account being referenced is the account making the API request.

      - `phases.automatic_tax.liability.account` (string, required only if type is account)
        The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.

  - `phases.billing_cycle_anchor` (enum, optional)
    Can be set to `phase_start` to set the anchor to the start of the phase or `automatic` to automatically change it if needed. Cannot be set to `phase_start` if this phase specifies a trial. For more information, see the billing cycle [documentation](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/billing-cycle.md).
Possible enum values:
    - `automatic`
    - `phase_start`

  - `phases.billing_thresholds` (object, optional)
    Define thresholds at which an invoice will be sent, and the subscription advanced to a new billing period. Pass an empty string to remove previously-defined thresholds.

    - `phases.billing_thresholds.amount_gte` (integer, optional)
      Monetary threshold that triggers the subscription to advance to a new billing period

    - `phases.billing_thresholds.reset_billing_cycle_anchor` (boolean, optional)
      Indicates if the `billing_cycle_anchor` should be reset when a threshold is reached. If true, `billing_cycle_anchor` will be updated to the date/time the threshold was last reached; otherwise, the value will remain unchanged.

  - `phases.collection_method` (enum, optional)
    Either `charge_automatically`, or `send_invoice`. When charging automatically, Stripe will attempt to pay the underlying subscription at the end of each billing cycle using the default source attached to the customer. When sending an invoice, Stripe will email your customer an invoice with payment instructions and mark the subscription as `active`. Defaults to `charge_automatically` on creation.
Possible enum values:
    - `charge_automatically`
    - `send_invoice`

  - `phases.currency` (enum, optional)
    Three-letter [ISO currency code](https://www.iso.org/iso-4217-currency-codes.html), in lowercase. Must be a [supported currency](https://stripe.com/docs/currencies).

  - `phases.default_payment_method` (string, optional)
    ID of the default payment method for the subscription schedule. It must belong to the customer associated with the subscription schedule. If not set, invoices will use the default payment method in the customer’s invoice settings.

  - `phases.default_tax_rates` (array of strings, optional)
    A list of [Tax Rate](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/tax_rates.md) ids. These Tax Rates will set the Subscription’s [`default_tax_rates`](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/subscriptions/create.md#create_subscription-default_tax_rates), which means they will be the Invoice’s [`default_tax_rates`](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/invoices/create.md#create_invoice-default_tax_rates) for any Invoices issued by the Subscription during this Phase.

  - `phases.description` (string, optional)
    Subscription description, meant to be displayable to the customer. Use this field to optionally store an explanation of the subscription for rendering in Stripe surfaces and certain local payment methods UIs.

    The maximum length is 500 characters.

  - `phases.discounts` (array of objects, optional)
    The coupons to redeem into discounts for the schedule phase. If not specified, inherits the discount from the subscription’s customer. Pass an empty string to avoid inheriting any discounts.

    - `phases.discounts.coupon` (string, optional)
      ID of the coupon to create a new discount for.

    - `phases.discounts.discount` (string, optional)
      ID of an existing discount on the object (or one of its ancestors) to reuse.

    - `phases.discounts.promotion_code` (string, optional)
      ID of the promotion code to create a new discount for.

  - `phases.duration` (object, optional)
    The number of intervals the phase should last. If set, `end_date` must not be set.

    - `phases.duration.interval` (enum, required)
      Specifies phase duration. Either `day`, `week`, `month` or `year`.
Possible enum values:
      - `day`
      - `month`
      - `week`
      - `year`

    - `phases.duration.interval_count` (integer, optional)
      The multiplier applied to the interval.

  - `phases.end_date` (timestamp, optional)
    The date at which this phase of the subscription schedule ends. If set, `duration` must not be set.

  - `phases.invoice_settings` (object, optional)
    All invoices will be billed using the specified settings.

    - `phases.invoice_settings.account_tax_ids` (array of strings, optional)
      The account tax IDs associated with this phase of the subscription schedule. Will be set on invoices generated by this phase of the subscription schedule.

    - `phases.invoice_settings.days_until_due` (integer, optional)
      Number of days within which a customer must pay invoices generated by this subscription schedule. This value will be `null` for subscription schedules where `billing=charge_automatically`.

    - `phases.invoice_settings.issuer` (object, optional)
      The connected account that issues the invoice. The invoice is presented with the branding and support information of the specified account.

      - `phases.invoice_settings.issuer.type` (enum, required)
        Type of the account referenced in the request.
Possible enum values:
        - `account`
          Indicates that the account being referenced is a connected account which is different from the account making the API request but related to it.

        - `self`
          Indicates that the account being referenced is the account making the API request.

      - `phases.invoice_settings.issuer.account` (string, required only if type is account)
        The connected account being referenced when `type` is `account`.

  - `phases.metadata` (object, optional)
    Set of [key-value pairs](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/metadata.md) that you can attach to a phase. Metadata on a schedule’s phase will update the underlying subscription’s `metadata` when the phase is entered, adding new keys and replacing existing keys in the subscription’s `metadata`. Individual keys in the subscription’s `metadata` can be unset by posting an empty value to them in the phase’s `metadata`. To unset all keys in the subscription’s `metadata`, update the subscription directly or unset every key individually from the phase’s `metadata`.

  - `phases.on_behalf_of` (string, optional)
    The account on behalf of which to charge, for each of the associated subscription’s invoices.

  - `phases.proration_behavior` (enum, optional)
    Controls whether the subscription schedule should create [prorations](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/billing/subscriptions/prorations.md) when transitioning to this phase if there is a difference in billing configuration. It’s different from the request-level [proration_behavior](https://docs.stripe.com/docs/api/subscription_schedules/update.md#update_subscription_schedule-proration_behavior) parameter which controls what happens if the update request affects the billing configuration (item price, quantity, etc.) of the current phase.
Possible enum values:
    - `always_invoice`
      Prorate changes, and force an invoice to be immediately created for any prorations.

    - `create_prorations`
      Prorate changes, but leave any prorations as pending invoice items to be picked up on the customer’s next invoice.

    - `none`
      Does not create any prorations.

  - `phases.transfer_data` (object, optional)
    The data with which to automatically create a Transfer for each of the associated subscription’s invoices.

    - `phases.transfer_data.destination` (string, required)
      ID of an existing, connected Stripe account.

    - `phases.transfer_data.amount_percent` (float, optional)
      A non-negative decimal between 0 and 100, with at most two decimal places. This represents the percentage of the subscription invoice total that will be transferred to the destination account. By default, the entire amount is transferred to the destination.

  - `phases.trial` (boolean, optional)
    If set to true the entire phase is counted as a trial and the customer will not be charged for any fees.

  - `phases.trial_end` (timestamp, optional)
    Sets the phase to trialing from the start date to this date. Must be before the phase end date, can not be combined with `trial`

- `start_date` (timestamp | string, optional)
  When the subscription schedule starts. We recommend using `now` so that it starts the subscription immediately. You can also use a Unix timestamp to backdate the subscription so that it starts on a past date, or set a future date for the subscription to start on.

```curl
curl https://api.stripe.com/v1/subscription_schedules \
  -u "<<YOUR_SECRET_KEY>>" \
  -d customer=cus_NcI8FsMbh0OeFs \
  -d start_date=1787130418 \
  -d end_behavior=release \
  -d "phases[0][items][0][price]"=price_1Mr3YcLkdIwHu7ixYCFhXHNb \
  -d "phases[0][items][0][quantity]"=1 \
  -d "phases[0][duration][interval]"=month \
  -d "phases[0][duration][interval_count]"=1
```

```cli
stripe subscription_schedules create  \
  --customer=cus_NcI8FsMbh0OeFs \
  --start-date=1787130418 \
  --end-behavior=release \
  -d "phases[0][items][0][price]"=price_1Mr3YcLkdIwHu7ixYCFhXHNb \
  -d "phases[0][items][0][quantity]"=1 \
  -d "phases[0][duration][interval]"=month \
  -d "phases[0][duration][interval_count]"=1
```

```ruby
client = Stripe::StripeClient.new("<<YOUR_SECRET_KEY>>")

subscription_schedule = client.v1.subscription_schedules.create({
  customer: 'cus_NcI8FsMbh0OeFs',
  start_date: 1787130418,
  end_behavior: 'release',
  phases: [
    {
      items: [
        {
          price: 'price_1Mr3YcLkdIwHu7ixYCFhXHNb',
          quantity: 1,
        },
      ],
      duration: {
        interval: 'month',
        interval_count: 1,
      },
    },
  ],
})
```

```python
client = StripeClient("<<YOUR_SECRET_KEY>>")

subscription_schedule = client.v1.subscription_schedules.create({
  "customer": "cus_NcI8FsMbh0OeFs",
  "start_date": 1787130418,
  "end_behavior": "release",
  "phases": [
    {
      "items": [{"price": "price_1Mr3YcLkdIwHu7ixYCFhXHNb", "quantity": 1}],
      "duration": {"interval": "month", "interval_count": 1},
    },
  ],
})
```

```php
$stripe = new \Stripe\StripeClient('<<YOUR_SECRET_KEY>>');

$subscriptionSchedule = $stripe->subscriptionSchedules->create([
  'customer' => 'cus_NcI8FsMbh0OeFs',
  'start_date' => 1787130418,
  'end_behavior' => 'release',
  'phases' => [
    [
      'items' => [
        [
          'price' => 'price_1Mr3YcLkdIwHu7ixYCFhXHNb',
          'quantity' => 1,
        ],
      ],
      'duration' => [
        'interval' => 'month',
        'interval_count' => 1,
      ],
    ],
  ],
]);
```

```java
StripeClient client = new StripeClient("<<YOUR_SECRET_KEY>>");

SubscriptionScheduleCreateParams params =
  SubscriptionScheduleCreateParams.builder()
    .setCustomer("cus_NcI8FsMbh0OeFs")
    .setStartDate(1787130418L)
    .setEndBehavior(SubscriptionScheduleCreateParams.EndBehavior.RELEASE)
    .addPhase(
      SubscriptionScheduleCreateParams.Phase.builder()
        .addItem(
          SubscriptionScheduleCreateParams.Phase.Item.builder()
            .setPrice("price_1Mr3YcLkdIwHu7ixYCFhXHNb")
            .setQuantity(1L)
            .build()
        )
        .setDuration(
          SubscriptionScheduleCreateParams.Phase.Duration.builder()
            .setInterval(
              SubscriptionScheduleCreateParams.Phase.Duration.Interval.MONTH
            )
            .setIntervalCount(1L)
            .build()
        )
        .build()
    )
    .build();

SubscriptionSchedule subscriptionSchedule =
  client.v1().subscriptionSchedules().create(params);
```

```node
const stripe = require('stripe')('<<YOUR_SECRET_KEY>>');

const subscriptionSchedule = await stripe.subscriptionSchedules.create({
  customer: 'cus_NcI8FsMbh0OeFs',
  start_date: 1787130418,
  end_behavior: 'release',
  phases: [
    {
      items: [
        {
          price: 'price_1Mr3YcLkdIwHu7ixYCFhXHNb',
          quantity: 1,
        },
      ],
      duration: {
        interval: 'month',
        interval_count: 1,
      },
    },
  ],
});
```

```go
sc := stripe.NewClient("<<YOUR_SECRET_KEY>>")
params := &stripe.SubscriptionScheduleCreateParams{
  Customer: stripe.String("cus_NcI8FsMbh0OeFs"),
  StartDate: stripe.Int64(1787130418),
  EndBehavior: stripe.String(stripe.SubscriptionScheduleEndBehaviorRelease),
  Phases: []*stripe.SubscriptionScheduleCreatePhaseParams{
    &stripe.SubscriptionScheduleCreatePhaseParams{
      Items: []*stripe.SubscriptionScheduleCreatePhaseItemParams{
        &stripe.SubscriptionScheduleCreatePhaseItemParams{
          Price: stripe.String("price_1Mr3YcLkdIwHu7ixYCFhXHNb"),
          Quantity: stripe.Int64(1),
        },
      },
      Duration: &stripe.SubscriptionScheduleCreatePhaseDurationParams{
        Interval: stripe.String("month"),
        IntervalCount: stripe.Int64(1),
      },
    },
  },
}
result, err := sc.V1SubscriptionSchedules.Create(context.TODO(), params)
```

```dotnet
var options = new SubscriptionScheduleCreateOptions
{
    Customer = "cus_NcI8FsMbh0OeFs",
    StartDate = DateTimeOffset.FromUnixTimeSeconds(1787130418).UtcDateTime,
    EndBehavior = "release",
    Phases = new List<SubscriptionSchedulePhaseOptions>
    {
        new SubscriptionSchedulePhaseOptions
        {
            Items = new List<SubscriptionSchedulePhaseItemOptions>
            {
                new SubscriptionSchedulePhaseItemOptions
                {
                    Price = "price_1Mr3YcLkdIwHu7ixYCFhXHNb",
                    Quantity = 1,
                },
            },
            Duration = new SubscriptionSchedulePhaseDurationOptions
            {
                Interval = "month",
                IntervalCount = 1,
            },
        },
    },
};
var client = new StripeClient("<<YOUR_SECRET_KEY>>");
var service = client.V1.SubscriptionSchedules;
SubscriptionSchedule subscriptionSchedule = service.Create(options);
```

### Response

```json
{
  "id": "sub_sched_1Mr3YdLkdIwHu7ixjop3qtff",
  "object": "subscription_schedule",
  "application": null,
  "canceled_at": null,
  "completed_at": null,
  "created": 1724058651,
  "current_phase": null,
  "customer": "cus_NcI8FsMbh0OeFs",
  "default_settings": {
    "application_fee_percent": null,
    "automatic_tax": {
      "enabled": false,
      "liability": null
    },
    "billing_cycle_anchor": "automatic",
    "collection_method": "charge_automatically",
    "default_payment_method": null,
    "default_source": null,
    "description": null,
    "invoice_settings": {
      "issuer": {
        "type": "self"
      }
    },
    "on_behalf_of": null,
    "transfer_data": null
  },
  "end_behavior": "release",
  "livemode": false,
  "metadata": {},
  "phases": [
    {
      "add_invoice_items": [],
      "application_fee_percent": null,
      "billing_cycle_anchor": null,
      "collection_method": null,
      "currency": "usd",
      "default_payment_method": null,
      "default_tax_rates": [],
      "description": null,
      "discounts": null,
      "end_date": 1818666418,
      "invoice_settings": null,
      "items": [
        {
          "discounts": null,
          "metadata": {},
          "plan": "price_1Mr3YcLkdIwHu7ixYCFhXHNb",
          "price": "price_1Mr3YcLkdIwHu7ixYCFhXHNb",
          "quantity": 1,
          "tax_rates": []
        }
      ],
      "metadata": {},
      "on_behalf_of": null,
      "proration_behavior": "create_prorations",
      "start_date": 1787130418,
      "transfer_data": null,
      "trial_end": null
    }
  ],
  "released_at": null,
  "released_subscription": null,
  "renewal_interval": null,
  "status": "not_started",
  "subscription": null,
  "test_clock": null
}
```